ELECTRONIC ARTS TERMS OF SERVICE


These Terms of Service and all supplemental terms, as amended from time to time, govern your use of any online or mobile product or service to which you have access, any product or service that requires an Internet connection or Origin Account to access, install or play as well as any Origin Account you use to access online or mobile products or services ("EA Services") offered by Electronic Arts or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "EA") for PC, game system or mobile device. If you reside in the United States, Canada or Japan, these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc. If you reside in any other country, then these terms are an agreement between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland. If additional terms and/or agreements apply to the EA Service(s) used by you, those additional terms and/or agreements govern your use of EA Services as well.

These Terms of Service, as well as EA’s Privacy Policy available at privacy.ea.com (incorporated herein by reference) form legally binding contracts between you and EA. By using EA Services, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age (or have reached the age of majority if that is not 18 years of age where you live) or that you have reviewed this Agreement with your parent or guardian and he or she assents to these Terms of Service on your behalf and takes full responsibility for your compliance with them. You agree that you and/or your parent or guardian are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, representations and responsibilities set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide and comply with these Terms of Service.

You agree to check terms.ea.com periodically for new information and terms that govern your use of EA Services. EA may modify the Terms of Service at any time. Revisions to terms affecting existing EA Services shall be effective thirty (30) days after posting at terms.ea.com. Terms for new EA Services are effective immediately upon posting at terms.ea.com.

2. Content

	"Content" on EA Services includes software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or emanating to and/or from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes but is not limited to Account personas, forum posts, profile content and any other Content contributed by users to EA Services. EA Content and UGC collectively shall be referred to as "Content." All Content--with the exception of UGC discussed below in Section 6 and 7--is owned by EA or its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensors or suppliers. You bear the entire risk of the completeness, accuracy and/or usefulness of UGC found on EA Services.

6. Contributing UGC to EA Services

	EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC that you and other users may contribute to EA Services. You are solely responsible for your UGC and may be held liable for UGC that you post.

	EA respects the intellectual property rights of others. You must have the legal right to upload UGC to EA Services. You may not upload or post any UGC on EA Services that infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of a third party nor may you upload UGC that violates the law, this Terms of Service and/or any third party's right of privacy or right of publicity. You may upload only UGC that you are permitted to upload by the owner or by law. EA may, without prior notice to you and in its sole judgment, remove UGC that may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of a third party. If you are a repeat infringer of EA's or a third party's intellectual property or other rights, EA may terminate your Account without notice to you. If your Account(s) are terminated, you are not entitled to a refund for any fees you have paid, and you will lose access to Entitlements associated with your Account.

	EA reserves the right (but has no obligation except as required by law) to remove, block, edit, move or disable UGC for any reason, including when EA determines that UGC violates these terms. The decision to remove UGC or other Content at any time is in EA's sole and final discretion. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC or for removal of, UGC or any failure to or delay in removing, UGC or other Content.

7. UGC License Grant to EA and Others 

	When you contribute UGC to an EA Service, you expressly grant to EA and its licensors a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, complete, sub-licensable and irrevocable right to quote, re-post, publish, use, adapt, translate, archive, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, syndicate, license, print, sublicense, distribute, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and perform the UGC, or any portion thereof, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You grant EA and its licensors all licenses, consents and clearances to enable EA and its licensors to use such UGC for such purposes. You waive and agree not to assert any moral or similar rights you may have in such UGC.

	If the EA Service on which you contribute UGC permits other users to access and use that UGC as part of the EA Service, then you also grant all other users of the relevant EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.